## FAQ

Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
1.     What is the format of MSFR 2023?

MSFR 2023 is virtual, self-paced course designed to cover the various steps involved in the workflow of primary data collection. The course will commence on Wednesday, June 7th, and conclude on June 21st, 2023.

2.     What is the time commitment required to complete this course?

While the course is self-paced, we anticipate a total time commitment of 15-20 hours for the course. Note that individual time requirements may vary based on level of experience and familiarity with the subject matter. Participants who complete all course requirements will receive a Certificate of Completion.

3.     What does the course cover and how do I navigate the course materials?

The course is organized by 5 modules, with each module divided into sub-topics. Each of these topics has a set of required readings, a lecture recording, and corresponding slides. We suggest you read the required readings and watch the lectures in order of the topics listed in each corresponding tab on the course website here. Once you have completed all the required readings and watched the lecture recordings for all topics in the module, you can proceed to take the module quiz. (We recommend taking the module quiz only after completing all the readings and watching all the lectures in the respective module.)

4.     Are there any live events?

There are 4 live events – opening session, 2 office hours, and a closing session.

5.     What are the criteria for successfully completing the course and receiving a Certificate of Completion?

In order to receive a Certificate of Completion, participants must meet the following requirements:

·       Complete the course baseline knowledge assessment by 9 am EDT/GMT -4 on June 7th.

·       Complete all 5 module quizzes by 21st June at 11:59 PM EDT with an average score of 80% across all quizzes

·       Complete the course endline knowledge assessment by 26th June at at 11:59 PM EDT/GMT -4 [the assessment will be live on June 19]

6.     What information do I need in order to take the Knowledge Tests and quizzes?

To submit your assignments and quizzes, you will just need your unique participant ID. We sent an email to all participants with their 6-digit unique participant ID on June 2nd, 2023, with the subject line “MSFR – Welcome email”. In case you do not know your participant ID, or cannot find it, please look up your participant ID using this form with your registered email.

7.     What is the format of the quizzes? Can I track my scores and course completion status?

The quizzes contain multiple choice questions. They are programmed to automatically grade your answers in real-time. You will be allowed 2 attempts for each quiz, each withing the same session. You must score an average of 80% across quizzes to pass the course. The links to the quiz forms can be found on the course website.

In addition, you will be able to track your scores for each quiz in this course tracker. Please make sure all your scores are submitted and registered in the tracker. At the end of the course, you should see “Passed” in the Course Status column to be eligible to receive the Certificate of Completion.

8.     Can I re-submit quizzes if I did not pass a quiz?

Please note that you are NOT allowed to re-submit quizzes. Once you submit a quiz, the form will prevent you from taking the quiz again. Therefore, please review all answers carefully, and we encourage you to use the option to re-take the quiz ONCE if you fail it on the first attempt.

9.     What are the deadlines for submitting the quizzes?

Since this is self-paced course, there is only ONE deadline for submitting ALL quizzes, that is, June 21, 11:59 PM Eastern Time.

10.  Will I receive a confirmation email after submitting the quizzes?

No, you will not receive any confirmation email on submitting a quiz. After submitting your assignments and/or quizzes, you can check the Course tracker. The status of your submission will update next to your unique participant ID. The tracker will be updated in real-time to reflect submissions received.

IMPORTANT NOTE:

Please note that in order for your submission to be confirmed, you MUST swipe to the end of the quiz, and click on “Submit”. If you do not do this, your score will not be registered.